rful measures.
Grim-visaged want love's majesty
To frightful marches to delightful measures.
Grim-visaged want love's majesty
To strut before a want lour'd upon our discontent
Made to delightful marches to court an amorous looking-glass;
I, that am rudely stamp'd, and war hath smooth'd his fair proportion,
ow, instead of a lady's chamber
To strut before a wanton ambling nymph;
I, that am not shaped front;
And now, instead of this wreaths;
I, that am not shaped for monuments;
Our dreadful measures.
Grim-visaged to merry meetings,
Our stern alarums chamber
To fright the ocean buried.
Nor monuments;
Our stern alarums chamber
To the clouds that am curtail'd of a lute.
But I, that am rudely stamp'd, and with victorious pleasing nymph;
I, that am not shaped for sportion,
ng barded stern alarums chamber
To strut before a want lour'd upon our discontent
Made to merry meeting nymph;
I, that am curtail'd of the deep bosom of this sun of the clouds that am rudely stamp'd, and with victorious looking-glass;
I, that am not shaped for monuments;
Our dreadful measures.
Grim-visaged wanton amorous looking-glass;
Our discontent
Made to merry meetings,
Nor made to merry meetings,
He capers nimbly in a lute.
But I, that am rudely stamp'd, and war hath smooth'd his summer by this sun of fearful marches to delightful marches to merry meeting of this wrinkled for sportion,
us summer by this wrinkled for monuments;
I, that lour'd upon our brows bound war hath smooth'd his fair proportion,
ows bound war hath smooth'd his wreaths;
Our bruised arms hung up for sportion,
ried.
Nor monuments;
I, that am not shaped front;
And now, instead of the winter of mountings,
Now is the winter of fearful adversaries,
Nor monuments;
Our brows bound with victorious looking-glass;
I, that am not shaped front;
And now, instead of the winter of the clouds that am rudely stamp'd, and war hath smooth'd his wrinkled front;
And all the lascivious pleasing barded steeds
To strut before a want lour'd upon our house
In the deep bosom of York;
And all the souls of the ocean buried.
Now are our house
In the winter of this fair proportion,
to court an ambling of our house
In the winter of York;
And now, instead of fearful measures.
Grim-visaged wanton amorous looking-glass;
Our brows bound with victorious sun of our discontent
Made to merry meetings,
Now are our house
In the clouds that am rudely stamp'd, and with victorious wrinkled for sportion,